all right so here's the deal they're in
his out of the house right now we're
moving here being basement Darrin has no
idea that they he's getting waxed I was
wondering if it would be possible to
make a reservation for tomorrow at 2:30
also he's a very hairy Turkish man is
that okay perfect you're getting your
testifies Oh No
about a year ago Thomas and I got
scheduled for a waxing session yeah no
there's no way yeah ah
and we thought we're gonna get back at
there with this one I'm sure that
they'll take good for the guy yes what's
your name yeah you I'll be probably
screaming here they've been compared to
any other place I wish hope painful and
so on it is asking at the balls why Oh
deep breath in oh hey wow this is a lot
of nice chicken stuff off hair your
squeeze to mine
hey guys oh my god nice smells really
good losers it hurts but not back it's
like a slap let me tell you I've got
chest slapped by one of those butcher
doors oh yeah I got power now I don't
feel pain I got like the best treatment
softest hands it was little tickles and
an answer and while you were being
traumatized